This project was designed to help get us looking at code and brainstorm for ways to condense and improve code. We were given the html and css for an already completed website and it was up to us to find out if any pieces of it did not function properly. It is also important that code is easy to look at and flows naturally so that other developers can look at it and don't get bogged down in messy code. Here is a list of changes that I made to both the html and the css:

1. The purpose of this fictional website was to promote search engine optimization so that companies could ensure that web browser searches were leading to their website. So the first thing that I noticed was that this website did not have a title. I selected the title to be SEO which is part of the webpages name and also the acronym for search engine optimization which is the focus of the website.

2. The second thing I noticed was that there are three links at the top of the webpage. Two of them worked while one of them did not. When comparing the code between the links that worked and the one that did not I noticed the broken code did not define the id. After adding the id "search-engine-optimization" the link worked.

3. Another thing I noticed was that this code was hard to look at and it was hard to differentiate which part of the code you were looking at. Because of this in both the css and the html I added notes that gave a brief description of the code you were looking at and I added empty lines to help differentiate between the blocks of code.

4. The fourth thing I noticed was that while the css was fully functioning it did not flow in a intuitive manner. When defining the banner items such as "online reputation management" it defined all of the box elements and then the next block of code would be for the next banner element. The code would then loop back around and add style elements for the img and then the text. I found that if there would have been something wrong with the with that specific banner it would be harder to find what it was with all the style elements being broken up. So I listed each style element for a respective banner one after the other so it would all be in one place.

These were all the major changes I made to the code